Before you can take so much as a single step the bane raises its clawed fingers and from it shoots a ball of fiery red energy toward you.
A split second later before you can ever react, the blast smote's you in the shoulder blasting you through the air back into Magistrum.
When you land you look down in horror to see your flesh searing away right down to the bone, where the magical energy hit.

Shrieking in pain and fear you rise and start to hobble away. However a tendril of dark purple energy whips out and lashes around your leg burning like acid while dragging you back into the room.
You see the bane in more detail as it pulls you closer, its blood red eyes staring at you while its long tongue snakes out of its mouth running over its razor sharp teeth.

Staring down at you it spits through its teeth "Fresh Meat Hmmm!" dragging each syllable out, the sound making your skin crawl.
In horror you see it raise its wicked blade and bring it down right into your chest with a wet smack.

The pain is so excruciating that you almost pass out. Your fingers go limp and blood spews out of both your chest and mouth. Looking down you see the sword protruding from you as if you were its sheath.
"Gath voluz akin mar sjir" roars the bane in a guttural language you don't recognise, before slowly twisting the blade inside of you.

Screaming you feel all your organs shutting down whilst a black veil starts to slip over your vision.
Before you pass into the void however it pulls out the blade, leans down and plunges its hand inside the gaping hole in your chest.
You can feel it rummaging around much like a child might rummage around inside of a bag of sweets.
Your screams permeate the air as it continues pulling and pressing what it can get a hold off.

Then you feel its clawed fingers close around you still beating heart and wretch it out of you.
Just before you slip away you see it raise the organ to its mouth and start to eat it.
A few seconds later you know no more.

You are dead!