For the people with an arcane ability there are several different forms or areas of magic to study. Some are offensive, others defensive and much more are just useful spells.
There are four main areas that magicians study Elemental magic, Death magic, Dark magic and SpellCasting.

- Elemental Magic -
    This area of magic gives control over many natural elements such as earth, water, air and fire.
    However it also gives control over many others beside the main four such as glass and metal.

    It is used to hurl bolts of lightning and globules of molten fire. To manipulate stone, wood, grass and the trees.
    It can be used to create shields and barriers of stone, wood, water, metal and much more.
    Its used to control the weather by powerful magician to create things such as lightning storms, hurricanes and typhoons.

    While a very rewarding type of magic it is by far the most difficult to master or even become proficient in.
    This causes some Magicians to pursue other forms of magic that are more immediately rewarding but come with dire consequences.
    If one were to stick with Elemental Magic they would have a tough path ahead of them but gradually their power would grow until eventually they would be rewarded with great power.

- Death Magic -
    Death magic lets one control the energy of death. This energy is mainly used to resurrect the dead although it has other applications besides.
    examples of some of these would be sucking energy from your foes and surrounding, spells that instantly kill, spells to rot flesh or age a person.
    Spells that let one do evil, dangerous, dark and disgusting things.

    While extremely powerful and tempting it is at its core an evil, dark form of magic and usually changes the people that practice it drastically.
    If you deem it necessary to control these powers take heed and guard yourself well because otherwise these powers might just control you!

- Dark Magic -
    This is a sinister energy type and like Death magic it must be used with extreme caution. This magic is used to cast powerful spells.
    Spells of death and destruction. Spells of evil and mind warping. Spells so old that many don't remember. Spells so dark and insidious that none dare utter them.

    This is by far the one magic type with the least know about it. It very rare for one to study this magic type and rarer still for one to become proficient in it.
    Many Magicians secretly dabble but dare not discuss their studies, or practice them in any depth for the risks are too great.
    However their are some old ones who primarily use this energy type and understand it with a disturbing clarity. These beings should be avoided at all costs.

    If you wish to use these powers, great strength will be yours however, if your aren't careful not even the gods will be able to save you...

- SpellCasting -
    This is the purest form of magic and is one of the most useful forms of manipulating energy. It lets you create magical barriers and shields,
    summon lights and create shadows, open locked doors and windows, imbue your limbs with magical energy for extra strength or speed.

    It has spells that let you walk on water or breath under it. Spells to summon portals. Spells to heal and rejuvenate. Spells to become invisible.
    Spells to make you as silent as a wood rat. Spells to move objects without touching them. Spells to make one impervious to fire and lightning.
    These spells and so much more. The depth of this area of magic is practically unfathomable and many have lost themselves attempting to understand its truer application and strengths.

    Any good magician is well versed in the arts of SpellCasting. To use this magic one must be intelligent and understand what their power is, nothing more.
    While their are dangers to using this form of magic, they are in no way as grave as some other forms of magic.